                Product List Funduc Software, Inc.
             Copyright 1995-2020, All Rights Reserved
     http://www.funduc.com   http://www.searchandreplace.com
       support@funduc.com      support@searchandreplace.com


Please visit our web site at http://www.funduc.com for more information,
freeware, shareware, and purchases of these and other products.

Shareware reviewers and shareware distributors may distribute the shareware and
freeware versions of Funduc Software products on any CD-ROMs or other
distribution media without asking for specific permission.  We only request that
you use the most recent versions available when you prepare your distribution
media. The latest versions are available from our web sites at
http://www.funduc.com and http://www.searchandreplace.com.

You may not sell the shareware or freeware versions as 'for sale' products. You
may not charge a special premium for any Funduc Software product that is unique
from the ordinary distribution fees for your entire distribution.

Funduc Software warrants that our products are free from any third party
ownership claims.

You must distribute the entire shareware or freeware package for any given
product. The "entire package" consist of all files installed by our executable
installers or all files contained in the archived .zip versions of our shareware
and freeware programs as downloaded our web sites at http://www.funduc.com and
http://www.searchandreplace.com.

Custom programming and consulting services are also available. Please write us
at support@funduc.com for inquiries and personalized arrangements.


Replace Studio (shareware) 
==============================

Replace Studio is a newer cousin to our award winning Search and Replace
utility. Replace Studio is available in two versions: 'Pro' and 'Business'.
Replace Studio Pro is intended for use via the graphical interface and the
Replace Studio Business version is oriented towards script-based & command line
use, where a graphical interface is largely used for script development. Both
versions search through one or more files for a string and can replace that
string with another string. Choices for search settings include: Subdirectory
Search; Archive Search (Zip, Tar, Tar.Gz, Tar.Z, Tgz, Taz); Case Sensitive;
Whole Word; Ignore Whitespace; HTML Mode. File Masks and file size &/ or date
Filter settings are available for further choices about the files to be
processed. Like Search and Replace, Replace Studio has extensive regular
expression (egrep) search & replacement functionality for complex search/
replaces. A 'Favorites' menu is available in the Pro version to easily re-use
frequently done search/replaces. The Business Edition version, being script
based, has an editor to let users edit and save frequent &/or complex multi-step
search/ replace operations. Replacements in files in supported archives can be
done directly - no need to manually extract files first. A built-in Context
Viewer allows you to view &/or manually edit the files found by the search. The
many additional options include: Preservation of original file date during
replacements; Replacements on backup path files instead of the originals; Output
reporting; Control over results list sorting; File Operations on files found by
the search; Launch Explorer on the search results path of a file; Settings to
use alternative viewer/editor on found files; Automatic locale-based
international versions for supported languages; and more. Replace Studio is for
Windows Visa and above. Price: $30 for a single user license.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Search and Replace (shareware) 
==============================

Search and Replace looks through multiple files for a string and can also
replace it with another string.  It can search subdirectories and ZIP files and
do case sensitive or insensitive searches. Extensive support for regular
expression (egrep) search & replacement includes operations that span more than
one line, insertion of the path & filename during replacements, and incrementing
number replacements. Binary search & replace mode can be combined with regular
expressions.  Precise control over replacements is available through multiple
confirmation options and a built-in context viewer that allows you to view
replacements in- context, before they are made. An HTML Mode can be used to make
html special character code substitutions during search/replace. Ignore
Whitespace mode makes it convenient to handle spaces & cr-lf during non-regular
expression operations. A built-in script editor makes frequent &/or complex
multi-step search/replace operations easy to prepare.  Advanced script
operations include a boolean expression evaluator that provides additional
control over which files are processed by the script. Advanced scripts also
allow you to specify the program options in effect, insert comments in scripts,
and perform iterative script operations. Multiple file masks and file date &
size filters can be used to include &/or exclude files during regular and
scripted operations. The internal context viewer includes a build-in editor for
editing text files. The full complement of command line switches (including
script launching) is ideal for network managers & advanced users. Other
functions include: "Touch" files (change time/date stamp & file attributes);
Preservation of original file date during replacements; Replacements on backup
path files instead of the originals; Output reports to monitor operations; Shell
extensions to launch Search & Replace from Explorer and the Find Menu; and more.
The prorgram runs on Windows Vista and above. Several foreign language interface
are available from http://www.funduc.com. Price: $30 for a single user
license.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Search and Replace Regular Expression Wizard (freeware) 
=======================================================

The "Wizard" allows you to construct &/or modify regular expressions for use in
our Search and Replace utility. The program can be used to help you learn the
syntax or debug complex expressions involving many operators. You can visualize
the effect of each of operator in a sample text pasted into the Wizard from the
clipboard or retrieved from disk. Operator effects are presented in-context,
using colors to distinguish the current term from other parts of the overall
expression. When you are satisfied, the final expressions can (optionally) be
inserted the respective Search and Replace fields. Price: Freeware - Program F1
hlp available for $11 or free with a Search and Replace license renewal.

----------------------------------------------------------------------


Directory Toolkit (shareware) 
=============================

A multi-purpose directory comparison and file manager for Windows Vista and
above, Directory Toolkit displays single directory lists or side-by-side
directory comparisons using color coding for alike, different, or missing files.
Comparisons can be based on dates or a binary file analysis of file content. You
can copy, move, & rename files while retaining long filenames and six built- in
synchronize functions simplify updating directories. Built-in archive functions,
with Explorer shell extensions, let you create & manage archives from Explorer
and use Directory Toolkit as your primary archive manager for supported archives
(zip, tar, gz, lz (read only), & cab).  File operations and directory comparison
functions work seamlessly on files in archives, e.g., no need to manually
extract files first. Other features include statistics for file counts and path
sizes; Ignoring filename case during comparisons; Explorer compatible OLE drag n
Drop; Split/Concatenate files to/from diskettes; Encode/Decode UENCODE,
Base64(Mime), BinHex(Mac), and XXENCODE formats (Decode also includes quoted-
printable, 7 bit unencoded, & plain text); An integrated comparison viewer for a
color coded display of the actual differences in files; Safe physical sort of
directories; Touch files (change time/date & attributes stamps); Find duplicate
files on a drive; Open files and launch applications; Multiple include/exclude
file masks and the ability to include/exclude files based on size and date;
Command line switches & script functions to automate comparisons & synchronize
operations & control program options in effect via batch files; Configurable
output file and print functions to create reports of single and comparison
directory lists; Detects & runs (optionally) setup programs in archives; Display
file version information including 8.3 file name equivalents; File numbering to
number files sequentially based on adjustable sort order and a user defined
starting value.  Help file with examples included. International versions are
available from http://www.funduc.com. Price: $30 for a single user license.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Funduc Software ZIP Extractor (freeware) 
========================================

A ZIP "self-extractor stub" that lets you turn your ZIP files into a self-
extracting executable that will automatically unZIP the archive when launched.
This allows you to share your zip files with another person who might not have
an unzip software on their computer &/or who might have only occasional use for
an unzip tool. The self- extractor allows some or all files to be extracted,
create the paths in the zip file (default) or "flatten" the directory structure
(unzip into a single path), or extract some (or all) of the files in the zip.
Price: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Registry Toolkit (shareware)
============================

Registry Toolkit lets you search &/or replace and edit the Windows registry.
You can specify the data types to process, start key, case sensitive, whole
word.  Regular expression operations using an egrep-type syntax are also
available.  You can create/edit keys, values, &/or data manually if you wish.  A
unique 'operations' function lets you move/copy/delete/export values you select.
For example, you can copy/move keys from one location in the registry to
another.  The program keeps multiple 'undo' files that can be used to reverse
previous changes (10 is the default). An automatic 'last change' undo is
available from the program GUI. Replaces can be previewed in advance, in-
context.  Replaces can also be previewed in the context of an overall search - a
comparison dialog then lets you select/deselect specific operations to perform
before making the overall replace. The program can print search & registry
browse results.  The .reg import function allows you to compare existing data vs
data to be imported - specific items can then be selected/deselected.  The .reg
export function can be used to make special .reg files that delete keys when
merged via Registry Toolkit or our new RTMerge program (see our web site). The
various program comparison dialogs are configurable and their contents can be
copied to the windows clipboard.  The program can read DOS environment variables
and use them in a search/replace. Script file & command line functions are
available for automated &/or complex operations.  Registry Toolkit will operate
on a remote registry (if you have permission to do so).  The program is for
Windows Vista and above.  A German interface is available. Price: $30
for a single user license.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

RTMerge (shareware/freeware)
============================
                
Registry Merge is a command line utility that merges .reg files into the Windows
registry. While this can be accomplished using regedit.exe, RTMerge has two
added features: 1) The program can serve as a 'stub file' to automatically apply
a .reg as an .exe. The .exe is prepared in advance. End users can then apply the
.reg simply by clicking on the .exe. 2) The program can apply .reg files that
delete keys. This is something not easily accomplished via regedit. See the
program readme.txt for usage instructions. Price: $11 or free to registered users
of our Registry Toolkit.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Application Mover (shareware)
=============================

Application Mover is a tool that relocates installed programs from one path to
another on your hard disk. Application Mover takes files found in the path you
specify and moves them to a new path that you specify. Application Mover scans
the windows registry for references to files located in the 'Current' field and
changes those references to the New path. Application Mover also scans all
windows shortcuts in the Start Menu and adjusts path references to the new
program location. Finally, *.ini and Install.log files present in the original
program path are checked for strings matching the old path location. If found,
these strings are changed to the new location. Confirmation dialogs are
available. If a file is 'busy' and cannot be changed to the new location, a
reboot prompt is offered. Pending changes are then completed after the reboot.
Price: $15 for a single user license.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Application Inventory (shareware)
=================================

Application Inventory is a utility that scans your system for program .exe files
and generates a configurable report about the files that were located. Optional
follow-up scans are then initiated automatically to cross reference the initial
scan results with windows .lnk shortcuts and/or references in the windows
registry.  Further details on files are available from Properties and References
dialogs.  Include and exclude filters are available to define the initial search
by path &/or string(s) found in file version information. The fields included in
the initial file scan are configurable.  Results be sorted, copied to the
clipboard, printed, or saved in a delimited file you specify. Application
Inventory can also launch windows explorer on the path containing a file in the
results list. Although Application Inventory is intended as a reporting tool,
various windows properties sheets can be launched that allow you to make edits
to file or shortcut properties. The program defaults to scanning for .exe files
but a special switch is available to scan for another file type that you
specify. Price: $15 for a single user license.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Duplicate File Finder (shareware)
=================================

Duplicate File Finder is a tool that locates duplicate files on in one or more
paths.  Unlike other utilities that only check file names, Duplicate File Finder
performs a binary comparison of file contents and can locate files that are
alike regardless of names. The scan can be defined by path, file mask(s), and
(optionally) with complex filters for size/date/attribute.  Results can be
copied to the windows clipboard or saved to a tab delimited file. Functions to
delete files, launch Windows Explorer, and show file properties are available.
You can also launch a file in the results list by double clicking. Price: $15
for a single user license.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Shortcut Doctor (shareware)
===========================

Shortcut Doctor allows you to check your Windows links/shortcuts and see which
contain targets which can no longer be found. The program can then delete the
shortcuts, resolve them, or carry out search/replace operations to modify
shortcut fields with or without validation of new paths. Network Drive mappings
can be inserted in the Replace dialog automatically. Individual shortcuts can be
edited and all shortcuts on a drive can be displayed, regardless of whether they
are valid or not. Explorer Internet URLS can also be checked for problems. CD-
ROM drives, network drives, and specific paths can be ignored during processing.
Includes an Empty Recent Documents button. Script files, run from the command
line, allow you to do multiple operations, control program options, and easily
specify complex paths. A German interface is available. Price: $15 for a single
user license.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

FS Touch (freeware)
===================

Funduc Software Touch is a utility to change time/date & attribute stamps on one
or more files. Files to operate on can be refined by complex file masks that
allow you to include some files but exclude others in a path. The program also
has a function to add/subtract a specified number of seconds from the current
file time. The program can be run interactively from the graphical interface or
the command line.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Word Search and Replace (freeware)
===================================

Word Search and Replace is a freeware Word macro for Microsoft Word that can
search (and replace) in multiple files you specify using Microsoft Word's build-
in 'find and replace' functioning. The macro has switched for subdirectory
search, 'Pattern Matching', Case Sensitive, and Whole Word. Price: Free

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel Search and Replace (freeware)
===================================

A counterpart to our Word Search and Replace, this is a freeware macro for
Microsoft Excel that searches (and replaces) in multiple .xls files using
Excel's built-in find & replace function. Price: Free

----------------------------------------------------------------------

PowerPoint Search and Replace (freeware)
=======================================

PowerPoint Search and Replace rounds out our collection of freeware find and
replace Office Macros. This macro is a PowerPoint .ppt file that works with MS
PowerPoint files using the find and replace functions that are part of
PowerPoint. You need to have the full version of PowerPoint installed. The macro
can be run as a slide show but it will not work if you only have the PowerPoint
Show Viewer from Microsoft. Price: Free

----------------------------------------------------------------------


TZAdjust (freeware)
===================

TZAdjust, which stands for Time Zone Adjust, is a freeware app we created for
users who find it necessary to make manual changes to the Windows time zone and
'day light savings' offset parameters. TZAdjust is probably of greatest interest
to Windows NT-class users. NT/2000/XP returns time information as an offset from
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). In addition, the OS automatically makes Daylight
Savings compensations when reporting file times. One can disable "Automatically
Adjust for Daylight Savings" entirely in the Windows Day/Time Properties dialog
but there may be other instances where finer control over time zone and the
daylight offset is desired. Do not use TZAdjust casually. Be sure to read the
information in the 'readme.txt' before using this program. Price: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Folder Synchronize (shareware)
==============================

Folder Synchronize is a command-line utility useful to network administrators
and other power users.  It provides a subset of the functions in our Directory
Toolkit utility, namely, the comparison & synchronize functions.  We created
Folder Synchronize for those who needed those functions but not the GUI
interface & other functions of Directory Toolkit such as archive management,
file operations, etc. 

Folder Synchronize can synchronize two paths using one of 6 synch methods. The
program can also do a comparison-only. This is useful with the output report
function. When the output report is enabled it will contain a summary of the
path comparison &/or a summary of the file operations carried out by the
synchronize. Other features include: Switchable display (or not) of a progress
meter; A custom bitmap & message of your choice can be displayed on the screen
while an operation progresses; A 'No Cancel' switch can be used to make it less
easy for a procedure to be interrupted; Require (or not) confirmation of file
operations; Complex include/exclude file masks that let you include/exclude some
file or subdirectories while including others; Multiple operations can be
submitted to the program via multiple 'configuration files'. Price: $30 for a
single user license.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Folder Synchronize Script Editor (freeware)
=====================================================

The 'Script Editor' is used to generate (or edit) script files that can then be
used with Folder Synchronize or our Directory Toolkit utility. The script
switches are presented in an organized arrangement. The display of related
switches can be collapsed/expanded for readability.
