REGISTRY TOOLKIT
Copyright (c) 1998-2020 by Funduc Software Inc.
All rights reserved.
http://www.funduc.com
http://www.searchandreplace.com

Thank you for your interest in Registry Toolkit!


LICENSE AGREEMENT AND WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

You should carefully read the following terms and conditions
before using this software. Use of this software indicates your
acceptance of these terms and conditions.  If you do not agree
with them, do not use the software.


SHAREWARE VERSION LICENSE

The Shareware Version is not free software.  If you are using the
Shareware Version you are hereby licensed to use this software for
evaluation purposes without charge for a period of 50 uses.  If
you use this software after the 50-use evaluation period a
registration fee is due (see Ordering Information).

If you are using the Shareware Version of the software you are
also hereby licensed to: Make as many copies of the Shareware
version of this software and documentation as you wish; Give exact
copies of the original Shareware version to anyone; Distribute the
Shareware version of the software and documentation in its
unmodified form via electronic means.  There is no charge for any
of the above.

Unregistered use of Registry Toolkit after the 50-use evaluation
period is in violation of federal copyright laws.

You may not decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or modify
any version of Registry Toolkit (shareware) in any manner.


REGISTERED VERSION LICENSE (For Registered Users)

One registered copy of Registry Toolkit may be dedicated to a
single person who uses the software on one or more computers or
workstations that are for their own exclusive use and for which
they are the sole user.

The purchase of a single user license specifically does not permit
use of the program to modify, update, or search multiple
workstations, directly or indirectly, via any means.  A single
user license may not be made available in any form to multiple
users or workstations.

Licensing is not based on "concurrent" users.  If multiple
workstations are to access the program in any form and for any
length of time you must purchase licenses for the number of
workstations that will access the program.  If you make the
registered version of Registry Toolkit available through a network
and accessible by multiple users or workstations you are required
to purchase licenses for the software covering all workstations
that will access the software through the network.  Special
pricing is available for multiple licenses.  See Ordering
Information for information on how to purchase (register).

Customer support can be obtained by visiting our homepage at
http://www.funduc.com or by E-MAIL (support@funduc.com).


REGISTRATION PERIOD (For Registered Users)

Unless otherwise indicated at the time of purchase this license
includes one year of program support via email and program updates
as they become available.  The license period begins on the day of
registration (purchase) and lasts through the final calendar day of
that same month one year afterward.  Discount update/renewal pricing
is available to extend the license for support and program updates.
Contact support@funduc.com for information about license
updates/renewals.


WORKSTATION UPDATE AND/OR SPECIAL USE LICENSE

Special licensing (and pricing) is available for modifying or
searching multiple workstations, directly, or indirectly via
scripts, command line processing, or logon routines.  The purchase
of a special use license allows you to use the program to update
the number of workstations for which you purchased special use
licenses for.  Unless otherwise noted at the time of your
purchase, a workstation update/special use license specifically
does not allow individual workstation users to access the program
for interactive use.  Do not create desktop shortcuts or launchers
that allow workstation users to access the program outside of the
specific update routine for which you purchased the special use
license.

Please contact sales@funduc.com if you have a special use request
involving multiple workstations that will access the program for
workstation updating or modification routines.


OWNERSHIP RIGHTS

Funduc Software, Inc. owns and retains all copyrights, patents,
trade secret rights, trademarks and intellectual property rights
to this software. Registration &/or use of the software does not
grant you any right to the intellectual property in the product.


CUSTOMER SUPPORT

Customer support can be obtained by visiting our home page at
www.funduc.com or by email at support@funduc.com.


RESTRICTIONS

You are prohibited by law from selling, renting, leasing, loaning,
or donating the program or documentation in whole or in part
without specific advance agreement between yourself and Funduc
Software, Inc.  You are prohibited by law from redistributing the
registered version of the program by any method or in any form
except to the specific individuals for whom the software was
purchased.  You are prohibited from decompiling, reverse
engineering, disassembling, or otherwise reducing the program to
human readable form for any purposes whatsoever.  You may not
modify the program or documentation in any manner.  You are
prohibited from permitting anyone else from undertaking any of the
above actions.

You may not decompile, disassemble, modify, or reverse engineer
Registry Toolkit (registered or shareware) in any manner.


GOVERNING LAW

This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Michigan, United States of America.


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

This software and the accompanying files are sold "as is" and
without warranties as to performance of merchantability or any
other warranties whether expressed or implied.  In particular,
there is no warranty for the string Replacing feature.

Good data processing procedure dictates that any program be
thoroughly tested with non-critical data before relying on it. The
user must assume the entire risk of using the program. Any
liability of the seller will be limited exclusively to product
replacement or refund of purchase price.
